Update README.md (#21)
Macrometacorp/tutorial-cryptotrading: README.md

A crypto trading app demo to show a real-time trading dashboard for three different exchanges.

![crypto-app-ui](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1088136/198411981-2afbdd21-d145-4ad6-aea1-ee933ed482a5.png)

The complete crypto-trading demo has two components:

> 1. A backend built with Macrometa using a Document Collection, multiple Streams, and a Stream Worker.

Reviewer: This list should be an unordered (bulleted) list.

> If you haven't already configure the backend, refer to the [getting started guide](https://macrometa.com/docs/apps/crypto-trading).

Reviewer: Rewrite this sentence and put it with the prerequisites below. Also, make prerequisites an h2.

## Prerequisites

- Thing 1
- Thing 2

2. A headless frontend written in ReactJS.

> The below steps will describe on how to set up the frontend.

Reviewer: Put this below the Prerequisites section.

Prerequisite: `nodejs` and `npm` must be installed on your system.

## 1. Clone or Fork the Repo

> `git clone git@github.com:Macrometacorp/tutorial-cryptotrading.git` or click on the `Fork` button in the upper right hand corner of this repo.

Reviewer: Tell the user what to do with this, i.e. "Run this command in your terminal" or click...

## 2. Run the App Locally

> Go to the crypto-demo folder in a terminal and run the following: `npm install`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your terminal, navigate to the crypto-demo folder and run `npm install`
```

Reviewer: Try to structure your sentences so that they match the order in which a user needs to do the actions.

> Once all the node modules have been installed, execute `npm start` to start the development server. This starts a local development server on `localhost:<some_port>`. You can log into the app with your Macrometa credentials. You will need to [configure](https://macrometa.com/docs/apps/crypto-trading) the Crypto App backend for the app to work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once all the node modules have been installed, run `npm start` to start the development server.

This starts a local development server on `localhost:<some_port>`. You can log into the app with your Macrometa credentials. You will need to [configure the Crypto App backend](https://macrometa.com/docs/apps/crypto-trading) for the app to work.
```

Reviewer: Use link text that is as specific as possible. "here" or "configure" don't give the user much information on what to expect.

> We also have a [Crypto Trading App frontend](https://macrometacorp.github.io/tutorial-cryptotrading/) already deployed. You can log in with the credentials we provide to see the app working, or use your own Macrometa account credentials after you have [configured](https://macrometa.com/docs/apps/crypto-trading) the Crypto App backend.

Reviewer: Still not clear where the credentials are. If they are in the app topic in the docs, that makes no sense, because we aren't using them there, we're using them here.

Also, change the link text from "configured" to something else, preferably the exact title of what it is linking to.

A crypto trading app demo to show a real-time trading dashboard for three different exchanges.

![crypto-app-ui](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1088136/198411981-2afbdd21-d145-4ad6-aea1-ee933ed482a5.png)

The complete crypto-trading demo has two components:

- A backend built with Macrometa using a Document Collection, multiple Streams, and a Stream Worker.
- A headless frontend written in ReactJS.

> Prerequisite: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Prerequisites
```

- Configure the backend, refer to the [getting started guide](https://macrometa.com/docs/apps/crypto-trading).
- `nodejs` and `npm` must be installed on your system.

The below steps will describe on how to set up the frontend.

## 1. Clone or Fork the Repo

> `git clone git@github.com:Macrometacorp/tutorial-cryptotrading.git` or click on the `Fork` button in the upper right hand corner of this repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`git clone git@github.com:Macrometacorp/tutorial-cryptotrading.git` or click **Fork** in the upper-right corner of this repo.
```

## 2. Run the App Locally

> In your terminal, navigate to the crypto-demo folder and run `npm install`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your terminal, navigate to the crypto-demo folder and then run `npm install`
```

The complete crypto-trading demo has two components:

> 1. A backend built with Macrometa a Document Collection, multiple Streams, and a Stream Worker.

Reviewer: Change this to an unordered list. Only use numbered lists when order matters.

Also, nothing in this sentence should be capitalized except for Macrometa.

> If you haven't already configure the back end. Here's a link to the [Quick Start Guide](https://macrometa.com/docs/apps/crypto-trading).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you haven't already configure the backend, refer to the [Crypto Trading App](https://macrometa.com/docs/apps/crypto-trading).
```

Reviewer: Whenever possible, the link text should match the title of what you are linking to.

> 2. A headless frontend written in Reactjs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. A headless frontend written in ReactJS.
```

> The UI then makes use of all the streams and the `trades` collection to show the charts and suggestions at one place.

Reviewer: You removed mention of the UI, so I am wondering what UI. Also, no context for the `trades` collection at this point in the document.

- `CrytoTraderQuotes{USD/EUR/JPY}`
- `CryptoTraderQuotesAvg{USD/EUR/JPY}`

> The below steps will describe on how set up the frontend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The below steps will describe on how to set up the frontend.
```

> # 1. Prerequisites

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# 1. Clone or Fork the Repo
```

Reviewer: Prerequisites are things you need to do before you do the procedure, they are never numbered steps. Looks like this is step 1 and you need a Prerequisites section before it, which would include having nodejs and npm installed as well as completing the backend Crypto Trading App.

> Clone or Fork this repo.

Reviewer: How? Give me a copy/paste command or an instruction.

> `nodejs` and `npm` must be installed on your system.

Reviewer: This is a prerequisite.

> # 2. How to run app(UI) locally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# 2. Run the App Locally
```

Reviewer: Why are these all h1s? Is that a Git markdown thing? Because usually the title is h1 and everything after it is h2 or below.

Also, in headings, "how to" is almost always unnecessary.

> NOTE: This step is just for running the UI locally.

> Go to crypto-demo and run the following

Reviewer: How am I running it? I don't see anything to copy and paste. If the line below is what I'm using, then it should be in a code block.

If `node_modules` is not there, execute `npm install`.

> Once all the node modules have been installed execute `npm start` to start the development server. This will start a local development server on `localhost:<some_port>`. You can log in with your Macrometa credentials, but make sure you've followed the configuration steps in the [Quick Start Guide](https://macrometa.com/docs/apps/crypto-trading) first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once all the node modules have been installed, execute `npm start` to start the development server. This starts a local development server on `localhost:<some_port>`. You can log in with your Macrometa credentials.
```

Reviewer: The Crypto Trading App should be in the prerequisites.

> We also have a frontend [already deployed](https://macrometacorp.github.io/tutorial-cryptotrading/). You can login with the credentials we provide to see the app working, or use your own Macrometa account credentials after you have configured the Crypto App backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also have a [Crypto Trading App frontend](https://macrometacorp.github.io/tutorial-cryptotrading/) already deployed. You can log in with the credentials we provide to see the app working, or use your own Macrometa account credentials after you have configured the Crypto App backend.
```

Reviewer: What credentials? I do not see any credentials on this page. (Also, I hate giving out the credentials, but that's a different problem.)
